 The Leader recently spoke to Robert Runge, the current greenskeeper and manager of the Oak Park Golf Course, a public 9 hole par 36 golf course in Dayton, about the new Events Center that is soon to be opened. Runge is also an employee of the City of Dayton.
 The date for the completion of the Events Center, which may be done prospectively by the end of July with a soft opening in the 2nd week of July, has tended to get pushed back, so some key pieces aren’t known at this time.
 Corina Robinson out of Stratford is the manager of the new Events Center.
 Runge acknowledges that Robinson knows the technology aspect of the business.
But knowing the community and logistics of the area are key.
 The current plan upholds that upon the Event Center’s completion, the golf course and Events Center will be combined and the current clubhouse will be shut down.
 Though Runge was moved up to full-time employment by the City because the clubhouse has been open for the last two winters, he stresses (about the current situation), “I don’t know what’s going to happen.
 “There are some opinions that go with wanting to use it [the building] for something, and some say they want to tear it down - they’ve been going back and forth on that,” Runge says.
 When asked if he’ll still be cooking, though he’ll not be manager, he said, “They said I could help [in the Events Center] if I want and if they need help - but I’m going to see what happens, I guess.”
 The Events Center will be used “more for events…it’s supposed to be two rooms where you could have a wedding party, but right now it’s just one room.”
 Runge added that, “the next step is to build onto the South. Right now the Events Center holds 150 people, while the clubhouse holds 100, so it’s not that much bigger.”
 He’s also concerned about the flat roof of the Events Center.
 Exactly where big Events Center wedding parties will stay may be logistically concerning, as well.
 Runge says once they get the Events Center done, “They’ll have a manager (Robinson) and I’ll just do the greenskeeping.”
 But Runge certainly knows the community he lives in when he says of the clubhouse, “Simple is good sometimes. If you put too much fancy stuff in there you’re going to have to charge more…not everyone’s got that much money around here. It's a lot of older people and they only have so much money they can spend. That’s my fear.”
 As for weddings at the clubhouse, Runge says, “I’ve rented it several times for a lot of graduations and weddings. We had one wedding out on the deck.”
 When talking about how the kitchen usually stands to make the most money at a golf course, Runge says, “We’ve done pretty good over here.”
 He says, “When the City first took this over they had the kitchen re-done to get it up to code but shut it down after two years, and it took me three years to talk them into getting it back open and ever since we’ve had it open now, we’ve been making money.
       “One of the things I’ve been saying is you don’t want to get it too fancy. 80% of our money comes from the golfers, and they don’t want something fancy, they want just a quick sandwich.”
       He asserts, “This is a golf course that serves food, it’s not a restaurant.”
When asked if he applied for the manager position at the new Events Center, Runge said, “It didn’t seem like they want me there so I didn’t even apply.”
       In fact, he says the City bid the entire project out...
       ...cont.
Pick up the newest Dayton Leader to read the rest of the article!!